[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
XANA AWAKENS, PART TWO
[light music]
[birds chirping]
[unintelligible chatter]
[cutlery clattering]
[sighs]
[Odd] Hey lovebirds, sleep well?
[Ulrich grunts]
What's with the hairdo?
Lyoko style. It's pretty trendy.
[imitates cat meowing]
[grunting with pleasure]
[slurps loudly]
You always eat that much?
No. I'm not that hungry today in fact.
Has anyone seen Jeremy?
He was up all night in his room
working on Lyoko
after he put the computer back together.
Man, that guy's a real Einstein!
Who's Einstein?
[light music]
Unfortunately,
you're not like Odd or Ulrich.
You can't be devirtualized
when you lose all of your life points.
Too bad.
At least now I know how to change sectors.
Yes, and I also found out
what the towers are for.
They're portals between the real world
and the virtual world,
and when they're red,
it means they're activated.
Are you sure?
Just about. And they may be the way
to materialize you on Earth.
Unbelievable, huh? I can't wait
to tell the others about it.
[tense music]
You want us to go back to Lyoko
to get Maya into a red tower?
Like I said, I'm sure that's the only way
to bring her into the real world.
Pretty wild, huh?
[Odd] Pretty dangerous, you mean.
We could have all been wiped out
for good last night.
Odd's right. We're better off
shutting down the super computer.
Too bad for Maya, but still,
it's not like she's human.
But she's still
a sort of intelligent being.
She's got emotions like we do.
You see, I told you. He's madly in love
with a computer program.
Come on guys, be cool.
I'm just asking you to go there
one last time.
We can't even make it past the monsters.
We'll probably get ourselves blown away
in a heartbeat.
If only there were at least three of us.
But Sissi's too scared.
What? No, I'm not. I really do want to go
with you guys to Lyoko,
but when cheerleading practice is over.
Thanks Sissi.
So here's the scoop. As soon as
Maya is materialized into the real world,
I give you my word
that I'll shut down the super computer.
Meanwhile, we got to keep this a secret.
-Promise.
-I swear.
Ditto.
I can't wait to see
what I look like on Lyoko.
Me too. With some luck, I won't be
the dumbest looking one in the group.
Ulrich, where are you going?
Aren't you coming
to see my cheerleading routine?
No, I've got something important
-to take care of.
-[scoffs]
[Yumi] Back for another thrashing?
I don't like
ending on a bad note.
That's good. I like a challenge.
You're gonna get one.
[grunting]
[tense music]
[echoing heartbeats in distance]
[heartbeats]
One, two, three, four.
This is gonna blow their mind!
Jeremy?
Jeremy, can you hear me? Jeremy?
It's true that at first,
I thought Sissi was a real babe,
but the more that I get to know her,
the more I realize she's a…
How can I put this tactfully?
A turkey?
[Odd] Exactly.
[Sissi] "A cheerleader cheers
so her team won't lose.
We've got short skirts and sparkly shoes.
We're just so gorgeous,
how can you choose?
There's no doubt, we've got clout,
winning at Kadic is what it's all about!"
Kadic!
[gasps]
[groans in pain]
[chuckling]
-Bravo, well done! Encore, encore!
-Sorry Sissi.
Cheerleading is not about being
a boomerang juggling baboon!
[ethereal music]
[echoing heartbeats]
-Have you been training for long?
-Yeah.
My parents think it's weird.
Not me.
By the way, I'm Ulrich.
-You, you're Yuri, right?
-[Yumi groans]
[groans]
It's Yumi.
[gasps]
[tense music]
[Sissi] A baboon? Why not
a red tail macaque while he's at it?
Hey, you two dumb dorks, were you planning
on following me around all day?
Yeah.
We're your biggest admirers
in the whole school.
We even started a fan club called,
"Friends of Sissi."
Oh! And about how many of you
are in the club?
Well… two of us.
Right. Then come back and talk to me
when there's at least fifty of you.
Meanwhile, if you don't stay away from me,
my father's gonna find out that you two
clowns tried to break into my room!
She's even more beautiful
when she's angry, isn't she?
[light music]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Sissi shouting]
[tense music]
[theme music]
[light music]
[exclaims]
Bingo!
A couple of days ago,
I dug up a brand new program
on the super computer called
"Return to the Past"
and I just figured out how to activate it.
[Odd grunts]
That's great, Einstein, but could you give
me a hand with my electrochemistry report?
Hey Odd, are you planning
on calling me Einstein forever?
Why not?
So, what about my report?
Well, why don't you say that…
that electrochemistry is a science
that deals with the relationship between
electricity and chemistry.
Then, you say that electrochemistry
involves opposing polar systems
composed, at its two extremes,
of electrically conductive material.
What?
You mean all I have to do is say that?
Well, no, of course not.
You have to give examples.
…so Sissi,
Jim was taking her to the infirmary.
What'd she do, pull a muscle in her brain
trying to add two plus two?
[student] No man, she got electrocuted.
Jeremy?
Are you there? Answer me.
[gasping]
[grunting]
[mechanical whirring]
[tense music]
[groans]
[grunting]
[whirring]
[shouting]
[grunting]
[both gasping]
-Call it a tie?
-Okay.
Anyway, I got to go. My friends are gonna
start wondering where I am. Same for you.
I don't have any friends.
[tense music]
Wow! What is that thing?
[Ulrich] No time to explain!
Come on, we've gotta get out of here!
Quick!
You're the one who brought Elisabeth here.
What happened?
She was in her room, and she was attacked
by this electricity monster
-that jumped from a coat hanger!
-Would you try to be serious, Poliakoff?
You're the one
who's going to get a shock in a moment.
It was as if that electrical thing
was alive. What is going on?
Yeah, Jeremy?
Ulrich? Great, I really need you.
Sissi just got electrocuted
by some sort of giant…
Electric thing?
[gasps]
Yeah. How did you know?
That same electric thing attacked me
in the gymnasium.
This is getting more and more dangerous.
You and your super computer!
All the more reason
to materialize Maya ASAP!
We have to get to Lyoko
and bring her to the red tower.
If it works,
we can shut the computer down tonight.
We'll meet you in the sewer.
-[Ulrich] Sorry Yumi, but I've gotta go.
-Hang on.
You seem to know what's going on here.
[Yumi] What was this electrical thing
that attacked us?
And what is this super computer
you're talking about?
Look, I don't have time to explain.
Okay,
you have time for a third round then?
You're stubborn as a mule, aren't you?
That's right, and since I have no friends,
I have lots of time.
Oh, come on, I'll explain on the way.
[theme music]
-Hey, who's that girl?
-This is Yumi.
She was there when I was attacked,
and she knows how to fight,
-so I thought…
-Okay, okay, later.
Right now,
we have to get to the factory. Let's go!
[grunts]
[tense music]
[gasps]
[panting]
[grunting]
Don't tell me you're scared!
[grunts]
[tense music continues]
[Yumi] So who's this Maya?
You're going to be meeting her
in just a minute.
Go straight to the scanner room,
and get ready for the big plunge.
Big plunge?
But I don't have a bathing suit.
Relax, you won't be needing one.
Maya? Can you hear me? Maya?
Jeremy, I'm…
I'm being chased by monsters!
[Jeremy] Why did you leave the tower
before we got there? Are you crazy?
I heard some strange pulsations.
I wanted to see what they were.
Okay, I'm sending you backup.
For now, just try and hide somewhere!
[tense music]
[water gurgling]
[sighs]
This story of yours
is pure science fiction.
Yeah, except that it's for real.
[grunts]
[theme music]
You guys ready?
I'm starting up the procedure.
[Jeremy through headset]
Transfer Odd.
-[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich.
-Don't tell me you're scared?
-[chuckles]
-[Yumi] Wait!
-I'm coming too.
-[Jeremy] Okay.
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi.
Scanner Yumi. Scanner Odd. Scanner
Ulrich. Virtualization.
[static zapping]
Bummer. I'm still a big purple cat!
[Yumi groans in pain]
[grunts]
Wow! That Japanese outfit is pretty sharp.
It's not fair. I'm the only one
who looks like a nitwit on Lyoko.
Mind telling me where we are?
[Ulrich] In a virtual world.
Don't worry, you'll get used to it.
[Jeremy through computer] Move it!
Maya needs you. She's in danger.
[Odd] Okay, here we go!
[dramatic music]
[Sissi] Oh, my head. What happened?
[Mr. Delmas] You'll be fine, my dear.
You must have electrocuted yourself
with your hairdryer.
Electrocu-- Oh no, it wasn't me.
It was that super whatchamacallit
of Jeremy's at the factory!
Where is Ulrich?
I don't know, dear.
Please, try to stay calm.
No, Ulrich is in great danger!
So are Odd and Jeremy!
[Sissi] There's an electrical monster
on the loose.
We've got to find him!
Calm down.
Sure there is…
and a giant chemical teddy bear, too!
Daddy, I'm not crazy.
Jeremy Belpois found this gigantic
computer inside the abandoned factory.
[Sissi] They use it
to go into this other world
where these monsters shoot lightning.
[gasps]
[action music]
[groans]
[groaning]
Jeremy!
[shouting]
Hi. Are you Maya? I'm Odd.
I have to admit, you are a real cutie.
Jeremy's got taste.
No time for flirting, Odd.
We've got work to do.
[Odd] You're right.
Hey, I don't have a weapon.
A fan? That's all?
Try throwing it at them. You never know.
[shouts]
Not bad.
Wow. I think I'll keep it.
[Jeremy] Nice work. Now bring Maya into
the red tower, so we can materialize her.
Come now, Sissi, this is ridiculous.
-We are not going down into the sewers.
-Fine.
You can tell that to the police
when you find Belpois and the others
-burnt to a crisp!
-[groans, grunts]
[tense music]
[grunts]
[Jeremy] Hey, Odd.
I think I've got a good life size example
for your electrochemistry report.
[Odd through headset]
Oh yeah, and what's that?
[Jeremy through computer] A nice little
electric monster. Where are you guys?
-We're coming up to the tower.
-[Jeremy] Hurry it up then.
[Jeremy] Things are about to start
jumping over here.
[alert beeping]
Watch it, guys, there are some more
monsters coming your way.
Great, crabs! Who's got the tartar sauce?
-[gasps]
-[electricity zapping]
[grunts]
[Odd] Go on, beat it crabs!
The tide is coming in.
[sighs]
These guys are not only ugly,
they're tough.
[gasps]
Jeremy?
[groans]
[Aelita through computer]
Odd just got devirtualized. Jeremy?
[shouting]
-Wanna give it a try?
-[nods]
Bull's eye!
-[groans]
-Yumi!
[gasps]
Maya, get back to the red tower!
[ethereal music]
Was it you who just did that?
Yes, I think so.
-Run to the tower. Hurry!
-Okay.
Jeremy, it's okay. Maya is--
[groans]
[Jim] What is all this about?
[Sissi screams]
Wait till I get my…
[groans]
[ethereal music]
Aelita…
[Mr. Delmas] What's going on here?
What were those flashes?
-Sissi!
-Ulrich!
[gasps]
-You swore to us you wouldn't tell.
-[Sissi gasps]
I came here to save you, Ulrich.
-And what's this Chinese girl doing here?
-I am Japanese!
What about Maya? Is she here?
No, sorry Jeremy,
but it didn't work.
She didn't materialize.
All right, that's enough, Belpois.
I order you to shut this thing down now!
And then you can explain to me
exactly what this is about.
[Jim] I think we ought to
alert the authorities right away.
Me too, Jim.
It's much too dangerous.
I told you so, didn't I?
You're nothing but a rotten traitor.
No more than you are, Ulrich, darling.
[scoffs]
Let's go, Belpois. Kill this thing
immediately, and follow me.
No.
What do you think you're doing?
I'm launching a new program.
With a little luck, it'll work.
What kind of program?
[Jeremy] Return to the past now!
[powering up]
[light music]
What happened anyway?
What're we doing here?
But we were doing this yesterday.
You don't think…
[Odd] Einstein, you're a genius.
Your return to the past… it works!
What's that? What are you talking about?
You haven't forgotten about
the super computer… and Lyoko…
and my big purple cat costume, huh?
You… you know all about Lyoko?
-But how come?
-That's weird.
It looks like the return in time
didn't quite work on him.
Come on, we're gonna fill you in.
[theme music]
But why would I not remember anything?
Maybe because you were the only one
who didn't get digitalized on Lyoko.
Yes, that could be.
Well, tomorrow, I'm going to the factory
first thing and scan myself.
No Jeremy. We have to shut down
the super computer, and you know it.
-[Aelita] It's too dangerous.
-But Maya…
Aelita… When I went into the tower, I…
I remembered my name.
Aelita… That's even better than Maya.
But what about bringing you in?
I promised.
Give me one more night to work it out,
okay?
I'll find a way.
-Okay.
-Thanks, guys.
We'll meet up in the computer lab
tomorrow morning to see how you're doing.
[Sissi] Ulrich!
What are you doing there?
I've been waiting for you for an hour!
I've never been stood up like this before!
There's always a first time.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I'm with my friends.
I'll make you pay!
Did you hear that, Ulrich?
I've got a bad feeling about this girl,
Sissi.
I get the idea
that she's gonna give us a lot of grief.
[all laughing]
[theme music]
[tense music]
[Yumi] Hi… Well, find anything?
[Jeremy] Yes… XANA.
[Odd] XANA? What's that?
[Aelita] A super dangerous program,
like a virus which can control electricity
and that activates towers on Lyoko
to gain access to your world.
[Yumi] So, the red tower,
the electricity monster, the weird symbol,
the monsters on Lyoko,
all of that was XANA?
[Jeremy] Yes.
[Jeremy] Only Aelita can counter it
by deactivating the tower
that it uses for attacks
in the real world.
That's great.
And what about materializing Aelita?
I could do it, but I need some time.
It's dangerous.
XANA can attack at any moment.
[Aelita through computer]
Be reasonable, Jeremy.
We'd better just shut the thing down.
Listen,
now that we know how to neutralize XANA,
we just have to get Aelita
to the activated tower.
We can find a way to counter the attacks
while Einstein figures out
how to bring Aelita back to Earth, right?
It's risky, but I think we should.
After all, we are Lyoko warriors,
aren't we?
[Odd and Ulrich] Yeah!
Do you really think you can do it?
They don't call me Einstein for nothing.
In a few weeks, I'll have it figured out.
Meanwhile,
let's not forget about our pact.
Hey, relax,
we all know how to keep a secret.
[theme music]